[MUSIC]
>> Brian: So let's go ahead and
make a landing now link to search.
So what we're gonna do
is here in landing what
we're gonna do,
is we are gonna say const link.
Put the curly braces
around it equals require
react-router.
>> Brian: And
we're gonna make the browse-to link there.
So instead I'm speaking of this button,
change this to be a link.
Both the opening and the closing tag here.
Okay and then give it a to,
some sort of an a traffic, give it a to.
And that's it, that's all you need to do.
>> Speaker 2: That link cannot
link.
>> Brian: So
the nice thing about using link is
that's internal to react router.
And so whenever we're gonna change
histories, we'll have to change anything.
It just all magically works cuz otherwise
what this is actually going to is actually
going to pound slash, right?
But, you don't have to care
about that if you're using link,
like link will just internally take
care of all that magic for you.
That's a good question.
The answer is you can get this to
work using anchor tags if you want.
Okay, so save that,
make sure nothing is breaking.
Make sure your web pack
is actually running.
>> Brian: Okay.
So refresh this again on the landing page.
So now if you hover over this.
I did that wrong.
You actually want this to
go to slash search, right?
Derp.
Right, otherwise it's
just linking to itself.
Like, good job, Brian.
[LAUGH]
So now I'll save that again.
Web pack ran okay.
Now refresh that.
Now if you look down here, you'll see
that, it's really hard to see here but
in the bottom left you can
see the tiny URL down there.
If you click on it, it will actually
take you to the other page.
And now you can actually go back and forth
just using back and forth up here, right?
So that's one of my favorite parts about
react router is it actually uses real
links.
So if I like Cmd+Click on this, it's gonna
open in a new tab and that works okay.
It doesn't break the web like
some other single page apps do,
which is a plus in my book.
>> Brian: Okay, any questions
about links or anything like that?
>> Speaker 2: Can you show me the landing
GSX again?
>> Brian: Yeah of course.